Luke what's wrong there
do you remember your mother your real
mother just a little bit she died when I
was very young what do you remember just
images really feelings tell me she was
very beautiful Kai but
why you asking me this I have no memory
of my mother
I never knew her
fluke tell me what's troubling you
Vader's here now on this moon
how do you know I felt his presence he's
come for me you can feel when I'm near
that's why I have to go as long as I
stay I'm endangering the group and our
mission here I have to face him why he's
my father
your father
there's more it won't be easy for you to
hear it but you must if I don't make it
back you're the only hope for the
Alliance Luke don't talk that way you
have a power I don't understand and
could never have
you're wrong there you have that power
too in time you'll learn to user desires
[Music]
force is strong in my family my father
hasn't
I have
my sister
yes it's you
and now
somehow
I've always known then you know why I
have to face him no Luke run away far
away if he can feel your presence then
leave this place I wish I could go with
you
no you don't you've always been strong
but why must you confront him because
there is good in him I felt it he won't
turn me over to the Emperor I can save
him I can turn him back to the good side
I have to try
you